Xiaowuji
You make it clear to me
Is there anything else to say between us?
Miss Zhao, why didn't you tell me before?
You are a teacher of no end
From the moment we met, I said I was standing in the firmament
And she is the most powerful woman in the world
I'll tell you what.
In my eyes, the Wang family is just paying attention to Beihai
Powerful people are grass paths
I'll tell you what.
Xingtian, the king of the underground, is not worthy to carry my shoes
And you
Never believed a word
Xiao Wuji, stop talking nonsense
You keep saying that you want to marry Mu Yan
But secretly got involved with him
And that Qiao Zixi
It's unclear
Now.
He also put all the responsibility on Mu Yan
It's really unsupportive
Don't see what you are
Dare to say brother Wuji again
I'll give you a taste of what it's like to die alone
Enough Zhang Ningyu
We are sisters.
Are you really going to turn your back on me for a man?
It's you who despise Brother Wuji for having no power
How can you blame me for not caring about sisterhood?
You don't want a man as good as him
Really blind
you
Brother Wuji
Stop talking to this vain woman
Let's go! Let's go!